[DOCS] Document that doc_as_upsert does not support ingest pipelines (#57649)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/docs/update.asciidoc

}
--------------------------------------------------
// TEST[continued]
[NOTE]
====

> Using pipelines with `doc_as_upsert` is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using <<ingest,ingest pipelines>> with `doc_as_upsert` is not supported.
```
